README.md, before:

# React Joyride

[![](https://badge.fury.io/js/react-joyride.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-joyride) [![CI](https://github.com/gilbarbara/react-joyride/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/gilbarbara/react-joyride/actions/workflows/main.yml) [![](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/43ecb5536910133429bd/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/gilbarbara/react-joyride/maintainability) [![](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/43ecb5536910133429bd/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/gilbarbara/react-joyride/test_coverage)

[![Joyride example image](http://gilbarbara.com/files/react-joyride.png)](https://react-joyride.com/)

#### Create awesome tours for your app!

Showcase your app to new users or explain functionality of new features.

It uses [react-floater](https://github.com/gilbarbara/react-floater) for positioning and styling.  
And you can use your own components too!

**View the demo [here](https://react-joyride.com/)** (or the codesandbox [examples](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/gilbarbara/react-joyride-demo))

**Read the [docs](https://docs.react-joyride.com/)**

Talk about it on the [Discussions board](https://github.com/gilbarbara/react-joyride/discussions).

## Setup

```bash
npm i react-joyride
```

## Getting Started

```jsx
import Joyride from 'react-joyride';

export class App extends React.Component {
  state = {
    steps: [
      {
        target: '.my-first-step',
        content: 'This is my awesome feature!',
      },
      {
        target: '.my-other-step',
        content: 'This another awesome feature!',
      },
      ...
    ]
  };

  render () {
    const { steps } = this.state;

    return (
      <div className="app">
        <Joyride
          steps={steps}
          ...
        />
        ...
      </div>
    );
  }
}
```

> If you need to support legacy browsers you need to include the [scrollingelement](https://github.com/mathiasbynens/document.scrollingElement) polyfill.

## Development

Setting up a local development environment is easy!

Clone (or fork) this repo on your machine, navigate to its location in the terminal and run:

```bash
npm install
npm link # link your local repo to your global packages
npm run watch # build the files and watch for changes
```

Now clone https://github.com/gilbarbara/react-joyride-demo and run:

```bash
npm install
npm link react-joyride # just link your local copy into this project's node_modules
npm start
```

**Start coding!** 🎉

Commit message:

feat: add props.step.portalElement

README.md, after:

forked from gilbarbara/react-joyride
use react-floater-joyride replace react-floater
add props.step.portalElement to set portal element

# React Joyride

[![](https://badge.fury.io/js/react-joyride.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-joyride) [![CI](https://github.com/gilbarbara/react-joyride/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/gilbarbara/react-joyride/actions/workflows/main.yml) [![](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/43ecb5536910133429bd/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/gilbarbara/react-joyride/maintainability) [![](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/43ecb5536910133429bd/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/gilbarbara/react-joyride/test_coverage)

[![Joyride example image](http://gilbarbara.com/files/react-joyride.png)](https://react-joyride.com/)

#### Create awesome tours for your app!

Showcase your app to new users or explain functionality of new features.

It uses [react-floater-joyride](https://github.com/Cyrilszq/react-floater) for positioning and styling.  
And you can use your own components too!

**View the demo [here](https://react-joyride.com/)** (or the codesandbox [examples](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/gilbarbara/react-joyride-demo))

**Read the [docs](https://docs.react-joyride.com/)**

Talk about it on the [Discussions board](https://github.com/gilbarbara/react-joyride/discussions).

## Setup

```bash
npm i react-joyride
```

## Getting Started

```jsx
import Joyride from 'react-joyride';

export class App extends React.Component {
  state = {
    steps: [
      {
        target: '.my-first-step',
        content: 'This is my awesome feature!',
      },
      {
        target: '.my-other-step',
        content: 'This another awesome feature!',
      },
      ...
    ]
  };

  render () {
    const { steps } = this.state;

    return (
      <div className="app">
        <Joyride
          steps={steps}
          ...
        />
        ...
      </div>
    );
  }
}
```

> If you need to support legacy browsers you need to include the [scrollingelement](https://github.com/mathiasbynens/document.scrollingElement) polyfill.

## Development

Setting up a local development environment is easy!

Clone (or fork) this repo on your machine, navigate to its location in the terminal and run:

```bash
npm install
npm link # link your local repo to your global packages
npm run watch # build the files and watch for changes
```

Now clone https://github.com/gilbarbara/react-joyride-demo and run:

```bash
npm install
npm link react-joyride # just link your local copy into this project's node_modules
npm start
```

**Start coding!** 🎉
